Marry my son
It's more practical
My son is not lying.
He spent ten years away fighting for his country
Fight for your country
How did I hear that my cousin is outside?
Became a traitor
Even the family tree is famous
My sister is now on the family tree of the Lu family
Is there still Lu Wushuang's name?
Ah I have proof
Fortunately, I was prepared
I went to the Lu family to find the family tree of the Lu family
Lu Wushuang's name is no longer on it.
Lu Wushuang was removed from the family tree
Future generations will no longer be able to enter the family tree
Even if you are married
What's the use of that?
Girl, do you understand now?
You were deceived by them.
You are now
Why don't you obediently pass it on to my son?
What's the matter with the boss?
How could countless people be expelled by the president?